in this tutorial I will show you how to
create this Edwardian or victorian-esque
style reminiscent of the pin ups of the
time Gibson girls the stars really soft
and romantic great for summertime this
star really works best when your hair
has texture my hair's been left to go
naturally wavy if you have straight hair
then you may find a little back combing
and teasing will help you achieve the
look along with some hairspray section
your hair from ear to ear across the top
of your head and pin that whole front
section out of the way and then on your
crown create a circle of hair this will
be the center of the style and twist
that hair into a bun just to keep it out
of the way for now you're going to want
to leave around two inches of hair along
the circumference of your hairline to
make the the rolls the bouffant section
of the style I'm starting with the front
section of my hair just taking my
shortest layers at the front and rolling
them back on themselves just walking my
fingers back and rolling as I go to make
a tube and then I'm going to pin the
bottom section of this tube against my
head with bobby pins I'm keeping my
index finger in the tube at all times to
keep its shape and to help me guide the
bobby pins in the correct into the
correct place you do not want to pin the
top of this tube this style needs as
much height as you can give it so only
pin the hair that's next to your head
and what you're going to want to do is
continue around your hairline with this
hair that's been left out
you going to roll it back onto your head
and pin in place you can direct the
tubes so that they look like they're
merging into one another you want it to
look as if you have one continuous roll
going around your head just be careful
when you're inserting the bobby pins not
to squash the tubes down you want to
just pin the tubes along the head don't
squash them
so I'm just now rolling the very last
section at the back of my head it is a
little bit tricky in a persevere keep
trying if I can do it you can just keep
rolling back and checking in the mirror
this was pretty tricky for me cuz I
didn't actually have a mirror I was just
going by feel and you might want to pay
a little bit of attention to your role
once you finish the last section you
want it to look like a continuous roll
of hair rather than lots of different
sections so you may need to some more
bobby pins and this look is really soft
and there's lots of hair falling around
the face but I feel for my face shape
that I need to get rid of my fringe and
so I'm just lightly pinning that over
the top of my first roll just very
lightly pushing it over so it's not
squashing the style at all
and then just bringing down some hair in
front of my ears and without damaging
the actual rolls you have to be careful
now we're going to deal with this top
bit that we've twisted away and take our
hairband
that's the same color of your hair as
your hair and put it in a ponytail and
then split the ponytail in two it's up
to you two or three sections and you're
going to create some really large dry
flat pin curls and place them on the top
of the head trying to cover the ponytail
holder and then just bobby pin them in
place this is where if your hair is wavy
or curly it works so well because it's
going to look a little messy it's not
perfect and it doesn't matter it just
adds adds to the romantic feel so I
decided to do two swirls
two pin curls you can just choose it's
up to you whatever looks best on your
head
and after you've pinned these down the
Styles finished you need to loosen
pretty bits of hair wherever you see a
nice bit of hair to loosen down I've got
a loop at the bottom right hand corner
there I'm just going to pull down and
make it into a loose curl adding to the
romantic feel so you can do the same or
you can keep it all up up to you
whatever suits you
you